
I talk about this project uses someone technologies and explain this in detail:


Insect Colonies: It is well known by the community of scientists have shown that insect colonies work cooperatively and disseminate information to other insects get information about it, marking territory, routes of the colony and other information.

Terrorist Cells: It is well known for counterterrorism community, how these groups work decentralized manner and as individual entities, to prevent disarticulation of the terrorist group.

Military Communication Systems: It is for counterterrorism community, in advanced military communications systems are used transmission methods as Frequency Hopping Spread Spectrum (FHSS) and Direct Sequence Spread Spectrum (DSSS), this is used to prevent communications may be affected by the enemy.

Cooperative Systems and Decentralized: It is well known in the community of developers, if you want to do a distributed and decentralized system, you must create a protocol that uses the broascast (P2P).

Technology used in Crimeware, Malware and Spyware: It is well known for the malware researchers community, that basis for this methods are very simple, hooking, stealing, cloning, sniffing, encrypt and other more.


Well with this initial explanation, begin to explain how this works:


BabbelLanguage: I thought about how to make life hard for some who like sniffing protocols, and thought of something very simple, the tower of babel, a place where many spoke many languages, which no one understood, for they spoke a different language, and it is this language, a language that makes a protocol is spoken in many languages.

BroadcastHopping: Many malware researchers use methods such as capture the information that comes from a ip, to track botnets, i think something to make it difficult for a little life, what if the information came from multiple directions and jump from side to side.

CollectiveIntelligence: It is well known game developers and programmers of artificial intelligence that one way to make autonomous and cooperative systems is the multi agent programming, which provides "bots" autonomous based on predetermined rules, and this is that.

DNA: I was thinking about how some security researchers sometimes hijack control of a botnet using many methods and thought about something to prevent this, so that only the owner of the family can control and nobody else can.

Dnet: It's a simple communication system based on RSA, which allows only the sender and recerptor receive the information and this can not be read by other parties, something like the OTR but in a distributed mode as P2P.

MemoryEncoder: Many malware developers uses XOR as a method of encryption to protect the information stored on the variables of their programs, i think it is something archaic and thought into the next level, an AES encryption, that changes periodically.

SeedOfKnowledge: All software developers know that software can be extended by plugins and also that their programs can make own actions, by simple commands traveling on the internet, and this is simply way to create plugins, orders or tasks perform.

Transmutator: Many antivirus and malware analysis systems, rather archaic methods used for the detection of malware, such as the detection of libraries, code patterns, common functions, i thinked something very simple for life difficult for some, a binary increasingly running has a different shape, structure and exported functions.


I forgot to mention something, pandora not uses a host to spread copies of itself, is not based on common command and control (C&C).

PandoraConcept is the power on your hand, the big monster awaiting for you orders ...





